The working voltage of a capacitor in an AC circuit should be	-	At least 50 percent greater than the highest applied voltage. | Equal to the highest applied voltage. | At least 20 percent greater than the highest applied voltage.	The working voltage of a capacitor is the highest voltage that can be steadily applied to it without the danger of the dielectric breaking down. The working voltage depends upon the material used as the dielectric and on its thickness. A capacitor used in an AC circuit should have a working voltage at least 50 percent greater than the highest voltage that will be applied to it.
The term that describes the combined resistive forces in an AC circuit is	-	Impedance. | Resistance. | Reactance.	Impedance (Z) is the vector sum of the resistance and the total reactance in a circuit. It is expressed in ohms, and found using the formula: Z = The square root of (R^2 + X^2) There are three types of resistive forces in an AC circuit: inductive reactance, which causes the current to lag the voltage; capacitive reactance, which causes the current to lead the voltage; and resistance, which allows the current and voltage to remain in phase. Inductive and capacitive reactance are 180° out of phase and cancel each other.
What is the opposition to the flow of AC produced by an electromagnetic field (EMF) with generated back voltage called?	-	Inductive reactance. | Capacitive reactance. | Mutual inductance.	Alternating current is in a constant state of change; EMF causes continuously inducted voltage opposition to the current in the circuit. This opposition is called inductive reactance (X(L)), and is measured in ohms just as resistance is measured. Inductance is the property of a circuit to oppose any change in current and is measured in henries. Inductive reactance is a measure of how much the countering EMF in the circuit will oppose current variations.
Electrostatic fields are also known as	-	Dielectric fields. | Electrostatic fields. | Static fields.	A field of force exists around a charged body. This is an electrostatic field (sometimes called a dielectric field) and it is represented by lines that extend in all directions from the charged body which terminate where there is an equal and opposite charge.
The basis for transformer operation in the use of alternating current is mutual	-	Inductance. | Capacitance. | Reactance.	A transformer operates on the basis of mutual inductance. The changing current in the primary windings produces a changing magnetic field whose flux cuts across the turns of the secondary winding and induces a voltage into it.
The opposition offered by a coil to the flow of alternating current (ignoring resistance) is called	-	Inductive reactance. | Impedance. | Reluctance.	When alternating current flows in a coil of wire, the changing lines of flux cutting across the turns of wire in the coil induce a voltage in it. The polarity of this voltage (the counter EMF) is opposite to the polarity of the voltage that caused it. The counter EMF decreases the total voltage across the coil, and this decreases the current flowing through it. This opposition to the flow of alternating current is called inductive reactance (X(L)) and is measured in ohms. It opposes the flow of current, but it does not cause heat nor use any power.
What factors strengthen a coil inductor?	-	Adding coils close together. | Limiting and separating the coils. | Adding and separating the coils.	As more loops are added close together, the strength of the magnetic field increases. Many loops close together will result in a strong electromagnet.
An increase in which of the following factors will cause an increase in the inductive reactance of a circuit?	-	Inductance and frequency. | Resistance and voltage. | Resistance and capacitive reactance.	The inductive reactance (X(L)) in an AC circuit is increased when either the frequency of the alternating current or the inductance of the circuit is increased. Resistance, voltage, or capacitive reactance have no effect on the inductive reactance of a circuit. The formula for inductive reactance is: X(L) = 2(pi)fL
When different rated capacitors are connected in series in a circuit, the total capacitance is	general_1	Less than the capacitance of the lowest rated capacitor. | Greater than the capacitance of the highest rated capacitor. | Equal to the sum of all the capacitances.	When capacitors of different values are connected in series, the total capacitance is less than that of the lowest rated capacitor.
Capacitors are sometimes used in DC circuits to	-	Smooth out slight pulsations in current/voltage. | Counteract inductive reactance at specific locations. | Assist in stepping voltage and current up and/or down.	Capacitors store electrical charges and are sometimes used in DC circuits to smooth out slight pulsations in current or voltage. Capacitors accept electrons when there is an excess and release them back into the circuit when the values decrease.
In an AC circuit, the effective voltage is	-	Less than the maximum instantaneous voltage. | Equal to the maximum instantaneous voltage. | Greater than the maximum instantaneous voltage.	The effective voltage of sine wave alternating current is 0.707 time its peak voltage. The effective voltage, also called the root mean square (rms) voltage, is the voltage measured by most of the AC voltmeters. Peak voltage is measured with a special peak voltmeter or an oscilloscope.
The amount of electricity a capacitor can store is directly proportional to the	-	Plate area and inversely proportional to the distance between the plates. | Distance between the plates and inversely proportional to the plate area. | Plate area and is not affected by the distance between the plates.	Three factors affect the amount of electricity a capacitor can store:|1. The area of the plates. The larger the plate area, the greater the capacity.|2. The thickness of the dielectric (the distance between the plates). The closer the plates are together, the stronger the electrical field will be and the greater the capacity.|3. The material from which the dielectric is made (its dielectric constant). The higher the dielectric constant, the greater the capacity.
What is the total capacitance of a circuit containing three capacitors with capacitances of .02 microfarad, .05 microfarad, and .10 microfarad, respectively?	general_2	.0125 uF. | .170 uF. | 0.125 pF.	When a 0.02-microfarad, a 0.05-microfarad, and a 0.10-microfarad capacitor are connected in series, the total capacitance is 0.0125 microfarad. Using the formula in Figure 2, C(T) = 1 ÷ [(1/.02) + (1/.05) + (1/.1)] = 0.0125 microfarad
What is the total capacitance of a circuit containing three capacitors in parallel with capacitances of .02 microfarad, .05 microfarad, and .10 microfarad, respectively?	-	.170 uF. | 0.125 pF. | .0125 uF.	Use the formula Ct = C1 + C2 + C3. When capacitors are connected together in parallel, the plate area of all the capacitors add together and the total capacitance is the sum of the individual capacitances. .02 + .05 + .10 = .170 uF
Convert farads to microfarads by:	-	multiplying farads by 10 to the power of 6 | multiplying picofarads by 10 to the power of 6 | multiplying microfarads by 10 to the power of 6	One farad is equal to 10^6 microfarads. Example: 2 farads is equal to 2 x 10^6 (2,000,000) microfarads.